

The Great Valley School District is located in southeastern Pennsylvania, in the Philadelphia suburbs, 
specifically in the Delaware Valley region known as the Main Line, in eastern Chester County. The district provides public education 
for students in Charlestown, East Whiteland, and Willistown townships, as well as Malvern borough. The district is located in the general 
area known locally as the Great Valley.


**Superintendent**
The district superintendent is selected solely by the nine-member school board. On September 17, 2007, then-Superintendent 
Dr. Rita Jones, serving her 16th year in the position, received a new four-year contract, the result of a 5–4 school board vote.[1] 
On April 2, 2009, Dr. Jones announced her early retirement, effective in August of that year.[2] Dr. Melody Wilt served as interim 
superintendent until Dr. Alan Lonoconus was appointed to fill the position on October 20, 2009. On December 1st, 2014, Lonoconus announced 
his retirement, effective at the end of the 2014–15 school year.[3] Dr. Regina Speaker Palubinsky joined the Great Valley School district 
as the new superintendent in July 2015.[4]

__School board__
The nine school board members are elected publicly; one non-voting student representative is appointed by Great Valley High School. 
The members are:

David Barratt, Region 2 (President)
Ellen Behrle, Region 1 (Vice President)
Stephanie Gunderson, Region 2 (Treasurer)
Jennifer Armstrong, Region 3
Amy Chain, Region 1
Philip Foret, Region 3
Samantha Jouin, Region 1
Bryan Paluch, Region 3
Mary Ravenfeld, Region 3
Millie Field, Student Representative
